Reviewer 8 of IEEE SMC 2025 submission 912

Comments to the author
======================

This paper attempts to extend the arbitration graph
framework that focuses on improving the safety and robust
ness of autonomous systems operating in complex, dynamic
environments. Building on the flexibility and scalability
of arbitration graphs, the proposed method incorporated a
verification step and structured fallback layers in the
decision making process.  In the presented contents, the
authors first introduced the research motivation, the state
of the art on the studied problem, and mentioned the main
contributions of the paper. Afterward, the authors recalled
some preliminaries on fundamentals of the paper, and then
elaborated the proposed methods for detecting and
mitigating unsafe and unreliable behavior components. Later
on, the proposed algorithm was applied to deal with safe
and reliable behavior arbitration for automated vehicles;
some simulations were carried out to show the effectiveness
of the proposed method.
  By comparing to existing and latest methods on the
studied problem, the paper is well organized, and the
proposed is clearly written and shown effective via
simulations.  Nevertheless, no theoretical analysis was
provided to investigate the properties of the proposed
method, no comparative studies were conducted to show the
superiority of the proposed system, and no real-world
experiments were conducted to show the practicability of
the proposed method.  In addition, the paper would be
improved in the following aspects.

1.In Section I, the novelty and main technical
contributions of the paper would be clearly explained term
by term in comparison with existing methods in related
literature.  The paper organization would be added.
2.Algorithm 1 is good but not new.
3.The writing of the conclusion section would be polished.
For example, the first sentence “This paper presented an
extension to the arbitration graph framework that focuses
on improving the safety and robust ness of autonomous
systems operating in complex, dynamic environments.” would
be improved by “This paper has presented an extension to
the arbitration graph framework that focuses on improving
the safety and robust ness of autonomous systems operating
in complex, dynamic environments.”
4.Some cited references would be formatted according to the
IEEE paper template.